Raise the Runtime error when DoFn.process uses both yield and return (#25743)
apache/beam: CHANGES.md

## Breaking Changes

> * Python SDK now does not allow mixing the yield and return statements in `DoFn.process()` ([#22969](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/22969)). `yield` is recommended for emitting elements and `yield from` for iterators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Python SDK now does not allow mixing the yield and return statements in `DoFn.process()` ([#22969](https://github.com/apache/beam/issues/22969)). We recommend to use `yield`  for emitting individual elements and `yield from` for emitting the content of entire iterables.
```

Reviewer: this suggestion should be added to Beam docs.

Author: I added this to the warning message. The current doc indeed has this information here: https://beam.apache.org/documentation/programming-guide/#pardo
